HOL-4: Exercise 5: Explore Azure Arc integration and Azure services

Overview

Now that you have create a Kubernetes cluster and a Virtual Machine in your Azure Stack HCI, you can now explore Azure Arc and other Azure services. This time we will not provide you a step-by-step guide, so that you can explore by yourself and together with your team and coach. 

Task 1: Arc-enabled the VM you just created

Relevant documentation: 

Plan and deploy Azure Arc-enabled servers

Task 2: Apply Azure Policy, VM Insights and Azure Defender for your VM and Kubernetes cluster

Relevant documentation: 

Azure Policy built-in definitions for Azure Arc-enabled servers
Azure Policy built-in definitions for Azure Arc-enabled Kubernetes

Azure Monitor Container Insights for Azure Arc-enabled Kubernetes clusters
Monitor a hybrid machine with VM insights

Protect non-Azure resources using Azure Arc and Azure Security Center

Task 3: Enable Azure Backup for your nodes and VMs

Relevant documentation: 

Backup your Windows Servers from Windows Admin Center with Azure Backup
Back up Azure Stack HCI virtual machines with Azure Backup Server

Task 4: Enable Azure Security Center 

Relevant documentation: 

Protect Windows Admin Center resources with Security Center



Congratulations!
You've reached the end of the evaluation guide. In this guide you have:
•	Deployed/Configured a Windows Server 2019 Hyper-V host in Azure to run your nested sandbox environment
•	Deployed the AKS on Azure Stack HCI management cluster on your Windows Server 2019 Hyper-V environment
•	Deployed a target cluster to run applications and services
•	Optionally integrated with Azure Arc and deployed a sample application
•	Set the foundation for further learning!
Great work!
Setup the lab in your own Azure Subscription.
This lab is based on the the following work by Matt McSpirit: https://github.com/mattmcspirit/hybridworkshop
If you want to setup the lab within your own Azure subscription and run through additional scenarios as well, you can go to the above GitHub repo and perform as mentioned.


